README.md, before:

# Test-Repository


![SQLiteDemo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ac6d0056-64f2-4105-9284-2602e0a92c50)


Working with massive DataFrames in a standard IDE can be cumbersome and restrictive. [InteractiveDataViewer] bridges the gap between Python's analytical power and Excel's intuitive interface. By leveraging the [xlwings](https://www.xlwings.org/) library, this tool allows you to seamlessly push, manipulate, and explore your data in a familiar spreadsheet environment without losing your Python workflow.

### 🚀 Getting Started
#### Prerequisites
-  [Install the XLWings Library](https://www.xlwings.org/)
-  Install the Pandas and numpy Python libraries

#### Configration
- Clone the repostitory to a local drive
- After installing the XLWings library, an addtional xlwings tab should be available in Excel. Click on this tab and configure the following
  <img width="850" height="109" alt="xlwings_config" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/767a0c28-0504-496d-acfa-1f1e35847ad7" />
   -  Interpreter: Full path to your Python executable (include Python.exe at the end)
   -  PYTHONPATH: Path to the src directory of the cloned repository on the local drive
   -  UDF Modules: interactive_data_vierwer_udf

###💻 Usage
The UDF contains the following Excel dynamic array functions:

-  IDVTableFromFile
   This is the core function of the UDF that reads the contents from a file and returns the result as a table in Excel. It can currently read sqlite, parquet, Python pickle and Excel files (csv, xlsx, xls). It takes the following arguments:
   - FileInfo: Range holding information about where the file is stored and if required, what table name or attribute that holds the data to return
   - FilterParameters: Range containing instructions for how to filter on what rows of the data to return
   - TransformationParameters: Range holding information for how to transform the data (e.g. how to aggregate, which columns to include, adding derived columns, etc.)

Commit message:

Clarify usage instructions for UDF functions
Updated usage section to include reference to WIKI page for detailed function usage.

README.md, after:

# Test-Repository


![SQLiteDemo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ac6d0056-64f2-4105-9284-2602e0a92c50)


Working with massive DataFrames in a standard IDE can be cumbersome and restrictive. [InteractiveDataViewer] bridges the gap between Python's analytical power and Excel's intuitive interface. By leveraging the [xlwings](https://www.xlwings.org/) library, this tool allows you to seamlessly push, manipulate, and explore your data in a familiar spreadsheet environment without losing your Python workflow.

### 🚀 Getting Started
#### Prerequisites
-  [Install the XLWings Library](https://www.xlwings.org/)
-  Install the Pandas and numpy Python libraries

#### Configration
- Clone the repostitory to a local drive
- After installing the XLWings library, an addtional xlwings tab should be available in Excel. Click on this tab and configure the following
  <img width="850" height="109" alt="xlwings_config" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/767a0c28-0504-496d-acfa-1f1e35847ad7" />
   -  Interpreter: Full path to your Python executable (include Python.exe at the end)
   -  PYTHONPATH: Path to the src directory of the cloned repository on the local drive
   -  UDF Modules: interactive_data_vierwer_udf

###💻 Usage
The UDF contains the following Excel dynamic array functions. Please refer to the WIKI page for more detailed information for how to use these functions.

-  IDVTableFromFile
   This is the core function of the UDF that reads the contents from a file and returns the result as a table in Excel. It can currently read sqlite, parquet, Python pickle and Excel files (csv, xlsx, xls). It takes the following arguments:
   - **FileInfo**: Range holding information about where the file is stored and if required, what table name or attribute that holds the data to return
   - **FilterParameters**: Range containing instructions for how to filter on what rows of the data to return
   - **TransformationParameters**: Range holding information for how to transform the data (e.g. how to aggregate, which columns to include, adding derived columns, etc.)
